[Music]
the first thing I do in the morning is I
wash my face and then I brush my teeth
when I'm out with that I go back to my
room and I get dressed and I always
choose what I'm gonna wear the day
before so that I don't spend a lot of
time on it and then I make my bed to
make sure that I'm not tempted to you
know go back to bed for a bit and then I
also open my curtains although it's
usually pretty dark when I get up and
and enough that I turn this very sleepy
version of me into a more presentable
one and then it's usually around 5:40
a.m. and then I give myself 30 minutes
to just wait whatever book I'm reading
at the time this is just the time for me
to relax a little and you know give
myself some downtime after that I
usually do a five-minute session on pet
space which just gets me more focused I
would highly recommend trying it out
it's free and after that I start reading
the news I always get a morning briefing
from the New York Times you can sign up
for it and they just deliver a very
concise version of the news to your
email inbox every weekday then I go over
my calendar to make sure I know what's
going on today and what I like to do and
when I'm not that I actually get to work
most of the days I use the time to do
readings or supervision work but on this
day
I just have to go over some of my note
and you know make sure that I have all
my children in a good place so I just
used that morning to do all of that
[Music]
before 8 o'clock and start packing my
back and I just put everything in that
brand new for my lectures and then I
grabbed my bag and I leave my room by 8
o'clock to go to breakfast and then I go
to my lectures